got to wallpaper that can be taken down
carpeting that can be taken out while
father andrew is happy with the bargain
he admits the house needs a lot of work
we knew that it was an old house and
then it would need a lot of renovation
but I think we thought that if the Lord
was giving us this property for $10,000
and he was helping us to raise money
then money would come in from other
sources it would have to be raised in
the community and that it was an
interesting project and we felt that
there was people from the community that
would be willing to come forward and
help
father Andrew knew just who to call for
volunteers his friend Tim white white is
a program director at the Huntington
Housing Authority and brought about 25
people to the house to help with the
renovation work many of the kids that we
work with are coming from a
single-parent family high risk high
school dropouts kids off the streets
kids that may have a drug background
kids that are in the juvenile court
system the goal is to help give them the
skills and the confidence they need to
better their future and here we have an
opportunity to take a three bedroom unit
and literally turn it into a place where
kids can come and gather not to do drugs
not to be involved in violence but
coming to get help to get support and
set them toward reaching their ultimate
goals many of the volunteers are the
same age as the teenagers who were
killed volunteer Andreea Robertson knew
two of the victims I did know of Megan
and I knew Dante and it's weird to
actually be here but I just can't let
things like that getting forgotten it's
gonna be a memorial to them and help
other people
the families of the murder victims are
pleased that the church is cleaning up
the house and giving it a better image
they recently met at the house to sit
down and share their feelings some
hadn't spoken on camera in over a year
some of them had never publicly talked
like Dante's grandmother Dorothy Jackson
it was better than he was made to her
this house has special meaning
it feels good cuz I was setting pepper
on your owners couch one Mother's Day
that he cooked me dinner and told me to
sit down and that he was gonna fix
dinner can do for me and he did just
like what he said
when you feel like that you need to have
that extra closeness that you can come
here and that's a beautiful thing we had
a nice red carpeting here father Andrew
says there are a few neighbors who were
skeptical when the church first bought
the house there was initially some
questions about well aren't you
glorifying those kids you know we're not
really glorifying them we're remembering
them so that similar things won't happen
again
the fact that four kids were shot on
this property means that something was
wrong in our community people are always
talking about Oh ain't it terrible in it
awful somebody should do something about
that well here's an opportunity let's do
something about it people have started
to show their support by volunteering
their services and giving donations
former Marshall football star Randy Moss
also wrote a check for the cause mark
killin works for the Huntington Housing
Authority we hear so many negative
things in Huntington about drugs and
fights and all sorts of the stuff we
never really want to talk about that
happen right in our neighborhood here
that I think it's a wonderful expression
of people's faith and God as a mission
out poster right here in this community
it's proven that if enough people say
they care that we can make a difference
Freda Billups of Huntington says her
grandson's drug abuse drove her to
volunteer with the renovation work I'm
hoping that it will draw the attention
of the community and that it will be
like a magnet to draw people and then
say hey we can make a difference we can
if we all come together and we show by
this project that we want to make a
difference we can
the house has been named Hope House with
the theme turning tragedy into triumph a
house or or rental sitting empty with
that stigma attached to it is bad for
your neighborhood
that being said making it a place where
you can have prayer and teenagers and
kids and people of all ages can meet and
discuss things and still have it be a
memorial to the people who passed away
is awesome
for Outlook I'm Kristen Murdoch in
Huntington